.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug Report
about: Report an issue with RuboCop Performance you've discovered.
---

*Be clear, concise and precise in your description of the problem.
Open an issue with a descriptive title and a summary in grammatically correct,
complete sentences.*

*Use the template below when reporting bugs. Please, make sure that
you're running the latest stable RuboCop and that the problem you're reporting
hasn't been reported (and potentially fixed) already.*

*Before filing the ticket you should replace all text above the horizontal
rule with your own words.*

--------

## Expected behavior

Describe here how you expected RuboCop Performance to behave in this particular situation.

## Actual behavior

Describe here what actually happened.

## Steps to reproduce the problem

This is extremely important! Providing us with a reliable way to reproduce
a problem will expedite its solution.

## RuboCop version

Include the output of `rubocop -V` or `bundle exec rubocop -V` if using Bundler. Here's an example:

```
$ [bundle exec] rubocop -V
0.65.0 (using Parser 2.5.1.2, running on ruby 2.5.1 x86_64-linux)
```

Commit message:

Update example for `rubocop -V` of issue template
Follow https://github.com/rubocop-hq/rubocop/pull/9126.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug Report
about: Report an issue with RuboCop Performance you've discovered.
---

*Be clear, concise and precise in your description of the problem.
Open an issue with a descriptive title and a summary in grammatically correct,
complete sentences.*

*Use the template below when reporting bugs. Please, make sure that
you're running the latest stable RuboCop and that the problem you're reporting
hasn't been reported (and potentially fixed) already.*

*Before filing the ticket you should replace all text above the horizontal
rule with your own words.*

--------

## Expected behavior

Describe here how you expected RuboCop Performance to behave in this particular situation.

## Actual behavior

Describe here what actually happened.

## Steps to reproduce the problem

This is extremely important! Providing us with a reliable way to reproduce
a problem will expedite its solution.

## RuboCop version

Include the output of `rubocop -V` or `bundle exec rubocop -V` if using Bundler. Here's an example:
You can see extension cop versions (e.g. rubocop-performance, rubocop-rails, and others) output by `rubocop -V`,
include them as well. Here's an example:

```
$ [bundle exec] rubocop -V
1.9.1 (using Parser 3.0.0.0, rubocop-ast 1.4.1, running on ruby 3.0.0 x86_64-darwin19)
  - rubocop-performance 1.9.2
  - rubocop-rails 2.9.1
```
